okay I didn't know these were on here
these are some of the Miami pictures
some of the ones that I didn't put on
the tape because it hit I'll kind of go
through them here here's the kid in
Miami his name is manious condoms his
real name he's taking notes here these
discs came in his girlfriend took the
pictures these are flat bottom disc
they're made on earth they're called
Brill disc Bri L or manufactured down in
Brazil they also have a factory and down
by in New schwaben land and Antarctica
here's another picture is the newest
chapter came in look at the first three
discs when they see the copter they
start to turn invisible or put their
shields up and the first three crafts
they go out in series are just becoming
invisible when he snapped the picture
was taken with a Polaroid of the
thirtieth of a second so it caught it
right Nedim going out there these discs
were designed by German technology in
the late 40s the person ones we know
that we're tested out with probably
around 47 or 48 they're called Brill
levitation devices as you can see they
actually fly quite well notice the nice
deformation the typical earthbound Air
Force pilots there's to fly in formation
we understand this technology a little
bit because intelligences shot down some
other ships learn how they're doing it
and when you hear rumors about how the
Americans are building flying discs what
we're doing is playing catch-up to the
German technology that's been around
since the 40s their technology is
accelerated tremendously they make two
different types of levitation devices
that's what we're doing at an area 51 we
manufacture the devices in San Diego to
put together by General Electric we
testament area 51 here's the German
diskpart down on the ground and facility
down in Brazil here's four guys standing
next to it down there there's a whole
row of them you couldn't count how many
were down there
I just he had his polaroid with him and
grabbed a few short shot sir over here
is two guys here and a crap coming in
you can see the two guys standing here
and down here at the bottom which I know
isn't clear as one of these old
bell-shaped crafts many of you are
probably not familiar but there was a
fellow named George Adamski back 1962
who claimed to be having contacts with
people from Venus this was the craft he
was taking pictures of George's contacts
were real but he wasn't having contact
with anybody from Venus the blond haired
ladies are inside the craft were
actually from Brazil that's where the
crafts were flying out of there making
them down there since about nineteen
forty-seven they find it very convenient
if they made contact or land somewhere
to tell people they're extraterrestrials
and we're very open to it if they tell
them hi were part of a German
intelligence group from Brazil people
would freak out here's a I got my
camcorder and I've got my micro lens on
you're getting as close as I can to this
picture it's a very very small Polaroid
picture that's about that big and it got
wet in the rain he left it the
windowsill so I've ironed it and put it
on paper so we didn't lose it and I'm
copying it with my macro here's the
whole picture over here is one of the
old bell-shaped disk there's one in the
air notice the platforms they're sitting
on is a guy standing here as a guy over
here just coming out of this disk I'm
trying to get real close to the bottom
of it here so we can see what they're
like this is an area if you look on a
map I've got a little video tape over
there if you're interested in learning
more about this information called space
cities I've narrowed it down 2002
hundred mile range where this facility
is at what they're doing down there
here's the guy standing there the disc
set down on the platforms remember
earlier I was telling me about how the
condensers charge out the bottom we have
to charge the field up if you get too
close to the earth the charge dissipates
because it's grounded these metal
platforms they sit them down on the
platforms then they can keep the ship
charged up and if they need to take back
off
way they can they don't have to wait for
the ship to charge back up the
platform's charge them up for them so
they can lift right back off if they was
sitting down without the platform on the
tripod legs they got to go through the
process again at charging the capacitor
is up which takes three to four minutes
so if there's a hurry to get away
they're in big trouble these old bell
shade disc actually have three mercedes
benz truck engines in them driving the
magnetic field this was their first
design that they made this is the first
ones that the Germans built these craft
here were under consideration and they
were working on him in the end of World
War two when you hear about Hitler's
secret weapon at the World War two if
you go back and look at the newspapers
that's what he was talking about they
were in hopes they would get these
things up and working and they would
still have a chance than to win the war
fortunately for all of us they did not
we'd all be speaking German today
interesting side effect to once they
finally did get them up and working they
made lousy war weapons because the field
around them prevents you from dropping
bombs or anything out of them it ignites
the balls so it took of Allah they don't
even have weapons on them for a while
then they had to come up with other
kinds of devices this was the first
pictures I saw from the kid in Florida
of his German contacts and to my
knowledge I still think they're his best
and perhaps his only contacts I think he
probably had a couple of contacts from
these people they came they took him for
a ride it looks like a one or two
occasions and then perhaps they never
came back so it's we found this
situation on several people around the
planet so it's not an uncommon situation
it wasn't et nothing to do with ET Now
just get old German intelligence figured
it out I can tell you where they got
it's kind of a long story but basically
it came from German people who had
travelled to India to study the concept
of the grill the energy of the universe
and they were trying to figure out how
to levitate their own bodies to move in
time and they came back and they
explained it to people what they were
doing in India how they were trying to
travel in time and some German engineers
tried to build a machine to travel in
time but when they turn the thing on and
lift it up off the floor instead they
didn't time travel but it floated and
they stumble onto the idea of how to
make what's called a real levitation
device we think they did that probably
the first time in sometime probably
around 25 or 27 and then the concept
laid around in private circles for a
while and then became a potential thing
during the war and then really didn't
happen till after the war